Welcome home!
[Caterina] What is this?
PREVIOUSLY
Did you go back to Eleven O'Clock
without my permission?
Did you do what I asked?
I'm betting my future on this rehearsal.
If I don't manage to join the company,
I won't be able to stop Greta.
And she's going to try to sabotage
my mom in the next rehearsal.
[Cocó] You can't control everything,
Allegra.
-[gasps]
-[Cocó] You have what it takes.
But the most important thing
is to be present in the moment.
You really impressed me.
Welcome to Eleven O'Clock.
Attention.
On opening night, the character of Ellie
will be played by Caterina.
[photographer]
More of that, Cocó. Perfect.
You look amazing. That's it.
Fire. Good, girls.
-Stand up straight. That's it.
-[photographer] Shot. Shot.
-Amazing, girls.
-I like it.
[photographer] That's it.
Turn.
There.
-It's as if they were torturing her.
-[photographer] Are you two ready?
Some have privilege.
Others of us have talent.
And some of us? Have both.
Sorry.
[photographer] One more.
Come on, come on, Caterina,
a little more expression.
No, maybe not. Not that much.
Are we done yet?
[photographer] No, sweetheart.
Give me a minute to change the film.
We're almost there, eh?
[Cocó] It's all knotted here.
Here.
What are you doing, Laura? Move.
I just want to…
You just joined the company,
and you want to interfere
with the stars' photo shoot?
-No, no, no.
-Go away, please.
Look that way, please.
How did Laura find out
about what we were going to do?
You didn't say anything, did you?
What?
I'm perfectly capable of keeping a secret.
Beautiful. Wonderful.
All right, we're here
with the great Cocó Sharp,
just a few days out from the opening
of Freaky Friday.
How are you feeling?
I'm very excited.
It's a big challenge for me,
having played the character of Ellie…
-Of course.
-…to play the character of Katherine.
And how does it feel to work together
as mother and daughter?
It's a dream come true.
We've been waiting for this moment
a long time. Right, Caterina?
Honestly, I have no words.
No. It must be her feet probably hurt
from the heels.
I'm sure.
We understand each other really well.
A chip off the old block.
I don't know how to thank you.
You saved me.
If you're talking about the clip,
it wasn't life or death, right?
No, I mean what happened on stage.
If I had fallen through that trap,
I would be in the hospital now.
And I hate hospitals.
-I hate the smell of disinfectant.
-Yes, I know.
-Everyone hates hospitals.
-Yes, that's true.
Anyway, I owe you one.
Well, I couldn't let anything happen
to the next big musical theater star.
[photographer] Find it. Find it.
You've got it. You've got it. It's you.
Good, Cocó.
And to think the first time I saw you,
I thought you were a crazy fan.
Why did you hug me that day?
Because I thought that--
that you had hurt yourself when you fell,
and I was worried.
That's why I like you so much.
No one is like that here.
It's a very competitive world.
Everyone wants to stand out and be seen.
It's nice to meet someone
who's concerned about others.
[Cocó] Caterina, please! We aren't done.
Coming.
I have to go be mini-Cocó. Yay!
Now that you're officially part
of the company,
we can practice the choreography together.
Do you really mean it?
Yes, thank you. I would love that.
All right. Do you want to rehearse
at my house?
-I don't think I can today.
-Okay, some other day. Whenever you want.
Sure. I'll come by another day,
and we can rehearse.
I didn't give you the address.
No. Of course,
because since I'm a crazy fan,
uh, I looked you up online
and I have it all "saved" in my head.
-The map, the GPS.
-GPS?
Great…
person…
s-s-syndrome.
It's an expression.
Like, "You've got GPS!"
You're very strange. But I like it.
Okay. I'll give you the address later.
Bye, GPS.
[sighs] GPS.
[photographer] All right, kiddos,
we ready?
[Bárbara] Think positively.
You'd be a thousand times worse
if Cocó had found out about what you did.
We did.
But just because Caterina
is going to be Ellie on opening day,
it doesn't mean
she'll be Ellie all season.
Hey, sweetie. Don't be naïve.
It's obvious that if Caterina
makes an impression on opening day,
she'll have the role forever.
Greta, can we talk?
I can't right now.
Can't you see that we're busy?
I'm not leaving until we talk.
Annoying.
I saw how you and Bárbara
were looking at each other.
It hurts me that you don't trust me.
Save playing the victim for the stage.
No, no, no, wait.
You're right. Fine.
The trap wasn't an accident.
Well, you should thank Laura, because
she saved you from getting in big trouble.
You're so dramatic, eh?
You should at least apologize to Caterina,
don't you think?
I did what I had to do.
[scoffs]
I wasn't going to let an injury
or some spoiled little rich girl
steal what I've worked so hard for.
You would have done the same in my place.
Greta, it's only a role on opening day.
Only a role?
It's my future.
If you don't understand that, then I don't
understand what we're doing together.
You're right.
We're done.
INTERTWINED
Marco.
Hi.
Is everything okay? You look a little off.
No, no. I'm fine.
I feel… free.
You?
Congratulations. How does it feel
to be an Eleven O'Clock girl?
Everything turned out okay this time.
I think I was able to change history.
How did you know that trap was loose?
Because my eyes are like radars.
So watch out for me.
All right, I'm off.
Where are you going?
To my house.
Where do you live?
Um… over there.
I'll walk you.
No! [laughs]
My eyes are like radars,
but my brain has no sense of direction.
I was confused. My house is over there.
Well, I'll walk you anyway. Let's go.
We've been rehearsing
with Diego and Dante for a while
because we're playing at CD Room
on Thursday.
CD Room?
You don't know it?
Do you live under a rock?
It's at the Galleria.
I didn't know you had a band with Diego.
And Dante. It's called Serotonin.
On Thursday, a record producer
is coming to hear us. You have to come.
I don't think I can.
If you come, you can save me
a slow dance after the show.
And Greta?
We broke up.
Can I ask why?
Greta is a thing of the past.
I want to think about the future now.
You? Where do you see yourself
in 20 years?
The same.
And you?
Touring the world with my band
or alone on a deserted beach
with my guitar
or maybe with a girl from the future
living in the mountains.
You're very clear on what you want.
I have no doubts. Will I see you Thursday?
I have to rehearse.
Okay, I promise I'll try to come.
And I promise that you won't regret it.
[hip-hop music playing]
Diego.
What are you doing, Dante?
This doesn't go in the rock section.
Hey, okay. It's not that big of a deal.
Bárbara. What-- What are you doing here?
I came to see you. CDs. I came to see CDs.
I don't know if I should get Luismi,
Bon Jovi,
or the new Roxette.
-Do you have that one?
-Um…
Here it is.
[clatters]
[chuckles]
Sorry, but Diego was helping me.
Don't worry. I'm not here to shop.
You know what? Dante.
Dante can help you find what
you're looking for much better than I can.
Uh, you know, an interesting fact
about Bon Jovi--
No, thank you.
I'll come back another time.
How did the interview go?
That well? Look at that. Look at that.
Anyway,
I know now that you're going to be famous,
you're not going to want to hang out
with someone like me.
That's okay.
No. I will always have time for my fans.
[both chuckle]
Will I see you on Thursday at CD Room?
I wouldn't miss it for the world.
Excellent, because I have
a surprise for you.
Well, it was a long walk.
This is my house!
All right, thanks. I'll see you.
Is something wrong?
Uh…
It's just that I forgot my keys. I'm going
to have to wait until my mom gets home.
I can keep you company.
No. No. That's not necessary.
Well, I'm not going to leave a girl
alone on the street.
Oh, Marco, please. That comment
takes us back a thousand years.
You just brought us back
to the 20th century.
This is the 20th century.
You are…
-Please don't say "weird."
-Different.
And is that bad?
It's what I'm looking for.
That's my mom.
Don't let her see you.
You have no idea how she gets with boys.
Excuse me, ma'am. Do you need help?
Oh, yes, dear. Hold this for me
for a minute. I have so many keys.
This always happens.
I can never find the right one.
My son always says, "You don't
have to carry all those keys, Mom."
-I have his, mine…
-Of course.
There it is. It's this one, I think.
There it is. It's this one.
-[whooshing]
-[bag thuds]
-Félix!
-[gasps]
We need to put bells on your bracelet.
Okay?
-[laughs]
-How did it go?
Excellent. My plan worked.
I was afraid you wouldn't be able
to get back.
You're not going to get rid of me
that easily.
I have to talk to Mom.
Um, she just left in a car with Cocó.
My mom and grandma, together?
Yes.
There's no way that Caterina version 2021
voluntarily got into a car with Cocó.
Unless I changed the past.
But…
And if I did, then my mom
was the lead of Freaky Friday.
Since she's a musical theater star now,
she'll sign my permission slip.
No, I still--
She must be at the peak of her career
with Eleven O'Clock!
-What--
-Let's go.
[sighs]
-No! Everything is the same as always.
-That's what I was trying to tell you.
But if my mom is going to be the lead
on opening day,
it's obvious that she'll be Ellie
for the rest of the season.
I thought it was going to work.
Let's see. It's dangerous
to play with time. Oh, I know.
What if winning the lead
didn't change who Caterina is?
That's true.
When we were doing the photo shoot
for the magazine, my mom wasn't happy.
You could tell
she didn't want to be there.
Why-- Why did it just untie?
I don't know. I don't understand, Félix.
Something weird is going to happen
between my mom and Cocó.
Like what?
Like what? Allegra.
[Allegra] I need to find out
what happened between them.
My mom is always writing in her notebooks.
Maybe there's something there.
-Diego?
-What is that?
What did you find?
Diego is Marco's friend.
And they have a band together.
Or they did.
What does it say?
"For Marco. Wherever you are,
your music will always be with me."
If I find out you were covering
for Allegra again--
Who? Me?
Yes, Cocó Sharp,
the professional conspirator.
This time, I had nothing to do with it.
If you want to make things better
with your daughter,
you're going to have to learn
to respect her decisions.
Are you really talking to me
about respecting others' decisions?
[Cocó] That was 20 years ago, Caterina.
Please.
Caterina.
I heard about what happened to you.
-Terrible.
-Is Allegra here?
No. Why?
She left home. I can't find her anywhere.
I'm really worried.
Yes, I'm very worried about her too,
because if she doesn't bring
the signed permission slip,
she won't be able to try out
at the last audition.
She told you that her daughter is missing,
and that's what you say?
Mom, please.
I see that you haven't changed a bit
in all these years.
Thank you. You're exactly the same too.
You always have that… disinterested look.
It's going to be so nice
to see you more often.
You'll be disappointed to know I don't
plan to sign Allegra's permission slip.
Then it seems that the Sharp legacy
has finally come to an end.
I'm going to check the dressing rooms.
Caterina. Hi.
I heard about your accident.
I was going to call. How are you?
I'm fine. Have you seen my daughter?
Yes, I saw her. Impressive.
The audition the other day was--
No. I can't find her anywhere.
She left home.
Well, don't worry. You know how kids are.
Maybe she met up with a friend
and lost track of time.
We were the same way. You remember?
I feel like I've already seen this movie.
And it doesn't have a happy ending.
Excuse me.
I guess this is the saga.
Too bad sequels always suck, huh?
Here. There's an interview
with the play's producer.
He was in charge of the European tour
of Freaky Friday in 1994.
And what does it say?
Let's see.
He has great things to say about Cocó,
the show, Greta…
That's it?
That's it.
No. I have to go. I have to go. I'm late.
I have to go scout locations
for the short.
I haven't finished editing the images
for the projection mapping either.
For what?
Want me to show you?
Give me a second. I'll find it here.
There it is. Look.
The projection creates
an optical illusion.
It's like a 3D effect.
I'm going to use this
in the chase sequence.
The main character runs,
and the spirit follows her.
What do you think?
It looks real. It's scary.
-See?
-Hmm.
[door opens]
-Allegra. Are you okay?
-Yes, Mom. I'm okay.
Félix.
Where were you?
Uh…
She was helping me with the short.
You should have told me.
Why didn't you take your phone?
You chose a very bad time to play
the rebellious teenager, right?
Caterina, I think that you should--
If you're going to contribute something,
it better be helpful.
Mom, I decided to go to the audition.
No, Allegra. I convinced you.
And I'm very happy that I did.
You were amazing.
If I had missed the audition,
I would have to wait for the next one.
No, she didn't tell you to protect you.
If you're so quick to defend her…
why did you send me this?
I didn't send anything.
-Allegra.
-[door closes]
See you later.
[sighs] I think we should all
calm down a bit.
Do you want tea?
No. Weren't you leaving today?
I missed the flight.
I couldn't leave you while
you were looking for your daughter.
My daughter is home now.
You can leave with a clear conscience.
Go ahead.
-[door slams]
-[sighs]
Allegra. I didn't send that video.
I don't know what happened.
What is it? You don't want me to audition
again so we can film the short?
What? Of course not.
I've always supported you.
And now you regret having helped me,
so you sent that video to my mom.
You can't seriously be doubting me.
I had nothing to do with it.
I would never do anything like that.
Here nothing works out for me,
while in the past--
In the past what?
This is your time, here.
The rest is an illusion.
Everything is easier there.
I got into the company, I'm friends
with my mom, I'm connecting with Marco--
Marco. Again with Marco.
Félix, you should go. I want to be alone.
[whirring]
[whooshing]
[gasps]
-[grunts]
-[Lucía] Are you okay?
Yes! Yes, yes. Everything's okay.
I fell and tripped again
and ruined your roses.
Let me see. Did the thorns cut you?
Is everything okay?
And that bracelet?
It was a gift.
From who?
A friend, a long time ago.
-Where did they buy it?
-I have no idea. Why?
Because it's very pretty, and--
Caterina must be waiting for me,
so I better go find her.
Sorry for ruining your flowers again.
[sighs]
Relax. I'll call the technician now.
No. I already called him.
I don't think we can afford to pay
for the repair right now. No.
But they just need to fix the brakes
for that one to work.
OUT OF SERVICE
And if we can't afford it now,
we can pay for it later.
I hope so,
because it's the most popular game.
I haven't seen it, but I love it.
It hasn't come to Argentina yet.
My dad brought it from Miami.
It's amazing. You can play as many times
as you want, with no tokens.
-Bárbara.
-[video game beeping]
Don't you think
you chose the worst possible place
to show off your new console?
Why? What's the problem?
If you put yourself in my place,
you would understand.
Don't you have anything else to do
but watch me clean?
No, I wanted to get away from Tomás.
Since they stole that new mask,
he's unbearable.
-It was horrible anyway.
-Yes, horrible, and very expensive.
I'll wait for you, and we'll go shopping.
I want to wear something cute tonight.
Where are you going?
Where are we going? To CD Room.
Marco and Diego are playing today.
I don't want to see Marco.
What? What episode did I miss?
The last one. We broke up.
All the more reason to go shopping.
You have to look amazing tonight.
No. I already told you
that I'm not going anywhere.
But I want to see Diego,
and you have to make up with Marco.
I don't have to make up with Marco.
Marco is going to regret it,
and he'll seek me out.
I wouldn't be so sure, sweetie.
Marco is never alone.
[bell rings]
Yes, yes, yes.
I just saw the design proposal.
A disaster.
Mediocre, ordinary, boring.
I don't know how you don't see that,
Tomás.
If I don't get a better proposal
by tomorrow,
opening day is canceled.
Bye.
[phone beeping]
-Cocó!
-What are you doing here?
I'm sorry. I couldn't help overhearing.
And I think that projection mapping
could be what you're looking for
in the staging.
Mapping? Yes, yes, yes.
I've heard of that technique.
It's amazing.
It's like a projection
that creates an optical illusion,
and it has a 3D effect, and--
Yes, yes, yes.
That is exactly what I need.
I'm going to call my art director.
Thank you so much, Laura.
Is Caterina here? I came to rehearse.
Very good. I love your attitude.
She's upstairs in her room. Go on up.
Projection mapping.
Um…
[upbeat music on stereo]
♪ And time goes by ♪
♪ And life slips away ♪
♪ All I ask is that you truly come back ♪
♪ And that the silence
Turns into Carnival ♪
Laura. I didn't see you.
Come in. Come in.
Diego recorded this cassette for me.
It's the best mixtape in the world.
I'll lend it to you later.
That way you can make a copy.
You have a dual cassette player, right?
Uh… no.
Hold up. I think I have a blank tape
here somewhere.
We'll record it right now.
The boys are playing at CD Room. Wanna go?
Weren't you going to teach me
the choreography?
Yes. We'll rehearse for a bit later.
Just a bit?
-Yes. We can also rehearse tomorrow…
-[music stops]
…and right now
we can get ready for tonight.
[hip hop music playing on radio]
Don't you think it would be better
if we stayed here and rehearsed?
Are you serious?
If you don't rest, you won't perform well
at the rehearsal tomorrow.
Okay, Freaky Friday has become too real.
Cocó Sharp,
take off that teenager disguise.
[Cocó] Caterina!
I can't let Diego down. We have to go.
So you can't let Diego down?
If I tell you something,
swear you won't tell anyone.
I swear.
Diego and I are going out.
But it's a secret.
My mom doesn't want me to go out with him
or anyone from the company.
Why not?
She doesn't want me to be distracted
from my objective:
to be the successor
of the great Cocó Sharp.
Laura, are you going to join us
for dinner tonight?
No. And neither am I. We're going out.
I thought Laura came to rehearse.
-Yes, but--
-We're not going to rehearse at night.
You should. Especially you.
Opening day is just around the corner.
I can't be Ellie 24 hours a day.
Being the lead in a play
is an enormous responsibility.
You shouldn't be thinking
of anything besides rehearsing.
I am sick of you telling me what to do.
It's my life.
Your life right now is Eleven O'Clock.
That's it.
-It doesn't make sense.
-It does because I say so.
I'm not like you. We're not the same.
I want something else.
I'm not going to allow you to miss out
on this opportunity. End of discussion.
You are not leaving here tonight.
[door slams]
[Caterina sighs] What size are you?
And those jeans
that are three sizes too big?
-And the socks above the knees?
-Everyone is wearing them.
No! Yeah, it's just that
I don't like to dress like everyone else.
Oh, excuse me, special girl.
Relax a little.
My clothes look amazing on you.
You're beautiful.
I don't know. It's not my vibe.
If they didn't know us,
they would think we were sisters.
Ayayay.
Finally, you've stopped being a mini-Cocó
and turned into a great Caterina.
And if Cocó finds out that we came?
Not possible.
At this hour, she has to be sleeping.
She always says it's important
to get good rest,
because being the lead in a play
is an enormous responsibility.
Come on. I want to be close to the stage.
-No, no, no, no.
-Excuse me.
No, no worries.
Do you know if Serotonin already played?
No. Any moment now. Do you know them?
Yes. I know them,
but I've never seen them live.
They're going to kill it today.
This is a super important day.
A record producer
is coming to see them that--
Yes, I know. I know.
[cheering]
Good evening. We're Serotonin.
-Vamos, Dante!
-Yeah, Dante!
[upbeat pop music playing]
♪ I feel my body shine from within
And I think it's all today ♪
♪ It's today ♪
♪ The reflection in the mirror ♪
Do you know this song?
Diego composed it. I wrote the lyrics.
♪ Meanwhile, everything is chasing me
And I'm trying to be me ♪
♪ At least for today to be
All that I can be ♪
♪ Where I go
Where I go the sun guides me ♪
♪ Where I go I go towards a better place ♪
♪ Like a story, I go on, I stop ♪
♪ And I wake up in what I am ♪
♪ I am ♪
♪ The reflection in the mirror knows ♪
♪ Who I am, it knows where I'm going ♪
♪ Where I go
Where I go the sun guides me ♪
♪ Where I go I go towards a better place ♪
♪ Where I go
Where I go the sun guides me ♪
♪ Where I go I go towards a better place ♪
♪ Where I go
Where I go the sun guides me ♪
♪ Where I go I go towards a better place ♪
♪ Where I go
Where I go the sun guides me ♪
♪ Where I go I go towards a better place ♪
-[bell rings]
-Hello-oh.
Here, here. Put on my jacket,
because you can't go like that.
I'm not going.
And if I tell you that your temporary ex
is about to become your permanent ex?
What are you talking about?
About Laura, sweetie. She moves fast.
[guitar amp screeches]
[pop music playing]
♪ If I reach your heart anyway ♪
♪ Everything comes down to choice ♪
♪ Don't write on my wall ♪
♪ I just want to be inside your skin ♪
♪ And if the sun doesn't shine ♪
♪ And if I remain trapped here ♪
♪ There'd be no reason ♪
♪ To keep living without your love ♪
♪ And I return, crazy ♪
-♪ Seeking your love ♪
♪ Nothing left but the wind ♪
♪ It's a matter of-- of time ♪
♪ Ti-- ti-- time, time, time, time ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ No! And I return crazy ♪
♪ Seeking your love ♪
♪ Nothing left but the wind ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
[cheering]
[dance music playing on stereo]
What's wrong?
Don't tell me you're shy now,
after what you did on stage.
I think you're the only one who liked it.
Come on. Let's go. Let's dance.
Aren't you going to say anything?
-It's not what we planned.
-I know, Diego. But I want to try.
Look, Marco. The producer
must have gone running out of here.
Do you see him anywhere?
Okay, but--
-That's it. Forget about the demo.
-Come on.
Are you okay?
Yes.
I thought you weren't coming.
Me too. But there was a change of plans.
I'm glad.
Yes. Fortunately, I'm here.
I'm sorry. I didn't see you.
-I told you the new girl moves fast.
-[Greta] Stay out of it, Bárbara.
What are you doing here?
-It's a public place.
-Hmm.
You parachuted right into the middle
of the company.
Out of nowhere, you're part of the cast,
and now you're taking my boyfriend.
-Greta.
-Look.
I didn't start anything with you.
So don't start anything with me.
No.
No, I want to help you.
It would make me really sad
if you got your hopes up.
-He's obviously using you to forget me.
-That's enough.
-Let me take care of this.
-You calm down.
Maybe you bought his story
that you're the only one, the best.
Marco told me exactly the same thing.
No. I don't need a boy
to tell me who I am.
-[gasps]
-[people murmuring]
[woman] She's crazy.
Let's go.
Relax. It's over.
Sit. Okay.
Hey, look at me. We're not going to let
Greta ruin tonight, okay?
-Yeah. It's over.
-You can't even tell.
We haven't known each other long, but…
What? What were you going to say?
I don't want to be cheesy,
but I'm glad I met you.
I feel close to you.
-Okay. That's it. I said it.
-[Allegra laughs]
Me too.
My mission now is to destroy
the Cocó Sharp living inside you,
who thinks it's a good idea to rehearse
and do jazz hands all night.
Until your hands bleed.
-Out, Cocó Sharp! Be gone from this body!
-[woman] What's wrong with her?
-It's called a sense of humor.
-[man] No, no, no, no.
I think you're the first girlfriend
I've had.
Really?
I was so worried about
getting into Eleven O'Clock
that I forgot about everything else.
Did you ever imagine what it would be like
to live in another time?
In a better time?
-Yes. That's it.
-What's it?
Yes. Wait.
"There may have been better times,
but this is our time."
What are you talking about?
It's just what I need for the chapter
of the book I'm writing.
I always carry a notebook with me.
I have a bad memory,
and I don't want to forget any ideas.
You wrote a book?
Actually, the first few chapters.
I applied to a literary workshop
with Oliverio Gerard, my favorite author.
He only opens one every five years,
and it's really hard to get in.
I sent the first few chapters,
and I made the short list.
Isn't that amazing?
If they let me in,
I'll go to the workshop this year.
And the Eleven O'Clock tour?
They'll have to go without me.
I'm going to the bathroom.
I'll wait downstairs.
Are you okay?
Yes.
I think so.
Forget about Greta.
This moment is just for the two of us.
Do you want to be my girl?
Your girl?
Yes. What's wrong with that?
I don't belong to anyone.
No, it's just an-- an expression.
But that's okay. If you don't want to,
I totally understand.
You didn't understand at all.